Traditionally, aviation does not put a huge value on education for the
very fact that it's a compressed timeline almost throughout your career.
There a few opportunities just to go to school. So if you want
to go to school, you have to do it on your time or wait to until you
reach in kind of a prescribed period of time, usually at your department.
Head to her to go toe to go to school. If that's if that's the
case. If you do, wait until then until after your department or you're
likely going to G o Thio uh, the Naval War College, which is a
good school there. You just don't won't necessarily have as much choice
on what you what you focus on, Um, and that's largely driven by
the fact that they the the community managers, wants you to have, ah,
better education. But they can't let you leave the community for
too long, and that's a one year program. This is opposed to going to
an outside university or press a naval postgraduate school, which has
a variety of focuses, but it takes a bit more time to typically finish
finish those finish those programs alternately get a graduate
education on your own time, usually during a short tour, and sometimes
your commands will be flexible. Thio missing work for that type of
thing. But generally speaking, education and aviation is not not necessarily
highly sought after.